README.md, before:

# headless-render-api
Headless browser service for rendering dynamic web content. Playwright and Express, deployable with Helm.

Memory Requirements - TODO

Concurrency - Memory and CPU dependent on the host machine, but should be possible to get 10-20 concurrent requests per pod.

## Usage

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/content -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"url": "https://example.com"}'

{
  "statusCode": 200,
  "content": "<!doctype html>...</html>"
}
```

TODO: Helm deployment

## Testing Concurrency
You can use Apache Benchmark (ab) to test the concurrency of the headless-render-api. 
The following command sends 20,000 requests with a concurrency level of 200 to the `/content` or `/metrics` endpoint, posting JSON data with a URL to be rendered.
It fetches from itself, as to not overload any external sites.
```bash
echo '{"url": "http://localhost:3000/health"}' > /tmp/post_data.json && ab -n 200 -c 10 -p /tmp/post_data.json -T application/json http://localhost:3000/content
```

Commit message:

feat: simple helm and build workflow

README.md, after:

# headless-render-api
Headless browser service for rendering dynamic web content. Playwright and Express, deployable with Helm.

This service uses Playwright to render web pages, making it suitable for scraping dynamic content that relies on JavaScript. 
It is built with Express.js and can be deployed using Helm charts.

Playwright launches Chromium in headless mode to fetch and render web pages.

## Endpoints
### `POST /content`
- Request Body: `{ "url": "https://example.com" }`
- Response: `{ "statusCode": 200, "content": "<!doctype html>...</html>" }`

### `GET /health`

### `GET /metrics`


## Resource Requirements
Memory Requirements - TODO

Concurrency - Memory and CPU dependent on the host machine, but should be possible to get 10-20 concurrent requests per pod.

## Usage
Launch the docker locally with `docker compose build` and `docker compose up --watch`.

Use the test files in the `http` directory to test the endpoints as needed.

An example using curl:
```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/content -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"url": "https://example.com"}'

{
  "statusCode": 200,
  "content": "<!doctype html>...</html>"
}
```

## Deploying with Helm
The application can be deployed using the included minimal helm chart, or by using the Docker image in your own helm charts.
The provided helm chart provides a simple stateless service with basic resource requests and limits.

The HPA is configured to scale between 1 and 3 replicas based on CPU usage, with a target average CPU utilization of 60%.

```
helm lint ./helm
helm install headless-render-api ./helm
```

## Testing Concurrency
You can use Apache Benchmark (ab) to test the concurrency of the headless-render-api. 
The following command sends 20,000 requests with a concurrency level of 200 to the `/content` or `/metrics` endpoint, posting JSON data with a URL to be rendered.
It fetches from itself, as to not overload any external sites.
```bash
echo '{"url": "http://localhost:3000/health"}' > /tmp/post_data.json && ab -n 200 -c 10 -p /tmp/post_data.json -T application/json http://localhost:3000/content
```
